When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

It's useful to use the remote repository when working on a collaborative project.
Saving your work such as code, lectures or book is a smart thing to do considering
that worst thing can happen to your local drive any time.

---

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Sometimes I can't or don't want to update a project. Overall, changes can cause
conflicts, and there is no point in resolving those before I think it's
necessary.

---

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use
one instead of another?

Branches are created locally in order to add a new feature, fix a bug etc.
Cloning is used to copy a repository from a remote to a local machine, or from
a local machine to a local machine.
Fork is used to copy a repository from a remote to another remote.

---

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored
locally?

If I made changes locally and my teammate pushed changes on the remote, in order
to pull and merge his changes with mine, I have to have a copy of the last known
state of the remote.

---

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and
what would be harder?

It would be harder. I would have to copy teammates' local repository, search for
differences and update the project with his changes manually.

---

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master? What benefits does each approach have?

When working on a collaborative project situated on some remote, it's better to
make changes on separate branch. This way, you can easily keep your master branch
up-to-date with master of the original repository, and merge changes from master
into your branch when you are ready. By using a different branch, you can push
your changes to GitHub for other people to review it, without directly messing
up the master branch.
